# JAX-RS-and-Spring-Boot-Endpoint

#JAX-RS
Support for developing REST applications is represented in Java by a standard API, which is part of Java Enterprise Edition (JEE) standards. Its name is Java API for RESTful Web Services, or JAX-RS (https://jax-rs-spec.java.net). Like all APIs from JEE, JAX-RS is not an implementation of REST support. It’s a standard abstraction. For running and using this API in production, a JEE-compliant application server or at least a server that conforms to the JAX-RS standard is needed.
A similar approach is used across all the APIs provided by JEE. Each API’s abstraction can have various implementations. The JEE standard was created to unify the surface layers of Java application servers provided from different vendors. Migration from one JEE-compliant server to another is much easier when most of their APIs are the same. In addition, leveraging JEE APIs allows for reuse of experience and JEE API knowledge, which decreases the learning curve for developers migrating to a different application server.

#Lombok
JAX-RS and Spring Boot for Robotics Simple Example implementation uses the third-party library Lombok (https://projectlombok.org)).
In general case we should/would override Object.hashCode and Object.equals methods to fulfill the Java hash code and equality contract.	But our implementation uses the third-party library Lombok (https://projectlombok.org).	Lombok is a handy productivity library that aims to eliminate some verbose parts of the Java language.	The hashCode and equals methods are generated by the @EqualsAndHashCode annotation. Because we need to use only the	email property in the equality contract, we specify it in the annotation parameter of. If we don’t specify it explicitly, Lombok will use all the properties of User POJO in the hash/equality contract.	Moreover, Lombok helps us to generate getters and setters for all properties in the User class via the @Data annotation.
